Fixed duplicate data fetching overview page + links (#33774)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-mux-video/README.md

- [SWR](https://swr.vercel.app/) — dynamically changing the `refreshInterval` depending on if the client should be polling for updates or not
- [`/pages/api`](pages/api) routes — a couple endpoints for making authenticated requests to the Mux API.

> - Dynamic routes using [`getStaticPaths` and `fallback: true`](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-paths.md), as well as dynamic API routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dynamic routes using [`getStaticPaths` and `fallback: true`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/get-static-paths), as well as dynamic API routes.
```
